[MUSIC]
So the Raspberry Pi uses
an operating system.
It pretty much requires
an operating system be executing,
which is unlike the Arduino.
So what we're gonna do in this module is
really focus on the operating system.
It's a Linux operating system.
It's called Raspbian,
it's a Linux distribution.
And in order to use
the Raspberry Pi properly,
you have to be able to use Linux, you
have to be fairly comfortable with Linux.
So that you can get around the operating
system, see files, use them,
change them, execute code,
that sort of thing.
So we'll go through Linux, and a lot of
what we're talking about in this module
will be sort of generic to
Linuxes all over, any Linux.
But we'll talk specifically about Raspbian
and the features of Raspbian operating
system, the Linux operating system
that's running on the Raspberry Pi.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]